Celebration party after 3 years
Pine leaves are still short of a decent suit
Although these years
The money I saved was used to buy medicine for Song Yi
But you should be able to scrape together a good fabric
You you
See Lord Dragon Lady
Dragon Lady has finally found you
I think you got the wrong guy.
My name is Sanming
It's not what you say.
Dragon Lady
You don't remember
Five years ago, the nations were destroyed
The ten-year warship swept through the mansions with just one sword
China's rules of submission also made him a Buddha
Everyone respects me
You were accidentally injured 5 years ago
Disappeared since then
Your accessories are also recovering from dust.
The dragon lady you mentioned is so powerful
Definitely not me
I am a tailor
No, I have to go back and make clothes for my project
Reality lost and failed
Lord Dragon Lady Lord Dragon Lady
Search for general capital catharsis
The lord said we found the dragon girl
After five years, there is finally news of Dragon Girl
Congratulations to the lord for finding the dragon girl
But this game brings the Jade Dragon Sword back to the Dragoness
The dragon girl can restore the doctor's strength and memory
Summon Ben Born to wield all the dragon power
Prepare for the return of the Dragon Lady
Yes
I haven't seen my sister for many years
I don't know if you are wronged outside.
Brother, I miss you so much.
Your Majesty
suggestion
I found a girl
She made free patterns.
It is very similar to your unique pattern in China.
You see
I'm all too familiar with this pattern and process.
Where is this girl?
Bring her to me